README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Deployed on EC2 and did README

README.md, after:

# AI Rate My Professor 🎓

An intelligent AI-powered chatbot that helps students find detailed information about professors, their teaching styles, and ratings using advanced AI and RAG techniques.

## Live Demo 🚀

Deployed on AWS EC2 at: http://3.15.143.97/

## Chatbot Capabilities 🤖

- **Detailed Professor Insights**: Provides analysis of teaching methods and classroom environment
- **Personalized Recommendations**: Suggests professors based on student preferences and learning styles
- **Data-Backed Answers**: Utilizes RAG technology to provide accurate, data-supported responses
- **Review Summarization**: Intelligently summarizes student reviews to give comprehensive feedback
- **Context-Aware Responses**: Maintains conversation context for more meaningful interactions
- **Natural Language Understanding**: Processes and responds to queries in a conversational manner

## Technologies Used 💻

### Frontend
- **Next.js**: React framework for production-grade web applications
- **React**: JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- **Material UI**: Modern and responsive UI component library

### Backend & AI
- **OpenAI GPT-4o-mini**: State-of-the-art language model for natural conversation
- **Pinecone**: Vector database for efficient similarity search and RAG implementation

### Data Management
- **JSON Database**: Structured storage of professor reviews and information
- **Vector Embeddings**: Efficient storage and retrieval of semantic information

### Development Tools
- **Amazon Web Services**: Deployed on AWS EC2 instance
- **Git**: Version control system
